**Story**
It was a calm evening. The day was sunny and bright. Mike was a nice cheery young man, looking to make a living. He saw his fridge, and decided to go to the market. Mike went to his local market to buy some food, little did he know a devasting disaster would occur.
At the market, everything seemed normal. Expect it wasn't. The ground was rumbling just a bit. The floor seemed wet. The clouds as gray as they could be. 
But this didn't botter Mike, he just wanted to get this grocerries. He bought his food from Josh and Jacob, and walked away. The clouds rumbled. The floor dripping. The ground shaking.
This wasn't a odd occurence, but a tsunami. The ground was cracking. Thunder could be heard. The floor was flooded. But this didn't botter Mike. He just went on his merry way. Then, it happened.
As the tsunami hit the Earth, everything toppled over. It was a shock to Mike, but he had nothing to fear. It was but a flash flood, and would be gone in just a couple of seconds. As the water cleared, everyone was in shock. 
But it was fine. Mike walked off, and never spoke of it again. Maybe his mind was a bit scrambled, maybe it never occured at all, maybe this was all a dream.
Mike woke up in a cold sweat. It was a dream after all. He was thankful it was. That wasn't how he would act. That was never how he would act. He was so different than what he dreamed. He was a bit sad, a bit old, and couldn't move that much. Not that it would matter anyways.
For the last 32 years, he was locked up in a facility, only seeing things through a television, and getting food from a chute. The room was infinte. But it only felt that way. Everything was painted white, and nothing of other color. His food was served in a white bowl.
He ate white rice, and had food dyed white. His silverware was white, his bed was white, his sheets were white, the wood on the bed was white, the pillows were white. Everthing was white. He had no idea why he was here. As much as he could tell, he was supoosed to have some information.
Every week people in black clothes would come and say "Are you ready to talk?" And every week he said the same "I don't know what you're talking about." They would always leave, angrier week by week. 
One day under his matress, he found something. A simple notebook with a cover. The cover read "for my future". Confused but intrigued, Mike read. "If you are reading this, then my plan has worked. I have ingested a memory wiping solution in my white rice to stop them from questioning us. I'm sorry, but my future is less important than secrets so important, that they could destroy nations. If I ever go back on my own promise, then my secrets will be listed here. I hope I will not come to that."
Mike was shocked. That's why he couldn't remeber anything, quickly he read the secrets, and it was head spinning. All he knew was "Next week is the week for  me!" "Once I get free, I can live a life!" "I can finally see more!"
Mike was found later in his bed, in a infinte slumber. 

The End